<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Authentication and transport options</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>For authentication and transport, you may configure one of the options in the following list. 
        This ZenPack supports all four options.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Basic authentication, HTTP transport</dt>
          <dd>This option is the least secure and is not recommended. Usernames, passwords, and payloads
            are transmitted in clear text.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Basic authentication, HTTPS transport</dt>
          <dd>This option encrypts usernames, passwords, and payloads at the transport layer, with
            SSL. The Windows systems to monitor must be configured to support HTTPS
            individually.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Kerberos authentication, HTTP transport</dt>
          <dd>This option encrypts usernames and passwords (at the application layer) but payloads
            are not encrypted.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Kerberos authentication, HTTPS transport</dt>
          <dd>This option is the most secure and is recommended. Usernames, passwords, and payloads
            are all encrypted, first at the application layer, and again at the transport layer. The
            Windows systems to monitor must be configured to support HTTPS individually.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <note>NTLMv2 is not supported, and cannot be configured to work with this ZenPack.</note>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
