<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Configuring HTTPS</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>Currently, HTTPS must be configured on each Windows system to monitor. <ph
          conkeyref="names/company"/> is testing several options for automating the task, but none
        are available for production use.</p>
      
      <p>To successfully encrypt the payload between <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> and
        Windows clients, you must <xref scope="external"
          href="http://blogs.technet.com/b/meamcs/archive/2012/02/25/how-to-force-winrm-to-listen-interfaces-over-https.aspx"
          format="html">install a Server Authentication certificate on the client
          system</xref>. Once the correct certificate is installed, change the client's <codeph>zWinScheme</codeph> property to 
        HTTPS and the <codeph>zWinRMPort</codeph> property to 5986.</p>
      
      <p>If the preceding steps are unsuccessful, verify that the appropriate Service Principal Name
        (SPN) record exists for Kerberos authentication. Log in to any Active Directory system and
        enter the following command. Replace <varname>Hostname</varname> with the hostname portion
        of the client system's fully-qualified domain name (FQDN).</p>
      <codeblock>setspn -l <varname>Hostname</varname></codeblock>
      
      <p>If the preceding command returns a hostname record that does not start with 
        <codeph>HTTPS/</codeph>, use the following command to create the record. Replace 
        <varname>FQDN</varname> with the fully-qualified domain name of the client system.</p>
      <codeblock>setspn -s HTTPS/<varname>FQDN</varname> <varname>Hostname</varname></codeblock>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
