<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference product="not-ucs" id="referenceid">
  <title>Transitioning to this ZenPack</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This ZenPack provides a superset of the functionality provided in earlier
        Windows monitoring ZenPacks, with better performance and reliability.</p>

      <note>The new and old Windows monitoring ZenPacks co-exist gracefully&#8212;no
        automatic migration is attempted, and all history is preserved.</note>
        
      <p><ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommends transitioning to this ZenPack 
        as soon as possible in all but the following situations:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>You must continue to monitor Windows systems that do not support WinRM 2.0.</p>
          <p>At some point, <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> will discontinue support for
          the deprecated ZenPacks, so moving older Windows systems to a version that 
          supports WinRM 2.0 is encouraged.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>You must maintain an unbroken history of monitoring, using exactly the same metrics,
            gathered in exactly the same way.</p>
          <p>Testing or regulatory requirements may prevent an immediate migration. However, no
            monitoring history is discarded when this ZenPack is enabled. You may maintain the RRD
            files created with the deprecated ZenPacks alongside the new ones, and use them to
            examine the complete monitoring history.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>To determine whether the deprecated Windows monitoring ZenPacks are installed,
        log in to the broswer interface, and navigate to ADVANCED &gt; ZenPacks. Look for the
      following ZenPacks.</p>
      <ul conkeyref="reference-ZenPacks.zenoss.Microsoft.Windows/win-deprecated">
        <li></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
